---
title: 'Ono, Mato, and Poeia'
date: 2020-04-09
permalink: /posts/2020/04/blog-post-5/
tags:
  - other
---

Ono, Mato, and Poeia
======

“What a yawn, Mato!”, screamed suddenly Ono.
<br />
“It’s still rumbling!”, followed Poeia astonished.
<br />
“Yaaawn!”, croaked Mato again. 
<br />
<br />
Clap, clap, and clap again,
<br />
slammed Ono with extreme enthusiasm.
<br />
“Don’t snuff now!”, whipped Poeia excited.
<br />
<br />
-Smack, smack-
<br />
<br />
Poeia slapped Mato with her lips.
<br />
Ono sobbed behind the scenes.
<br />
<br />
Mato screeches.
<br />
Poeia sighs.
<br />
Ono tweets.
<br />
<br />
Silence.
<br />
<br />
Then, a tick. -Tick. Tick. Tick.-
<br />
<br />
This is the moment when the tension rises, everybody is waiting for something to happen, a -knock, knock-, or a -growl, growl- , people chewing, a creak, a crash, or even a splash, but instead
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
a thump. 
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
<br />
A thump again. 
<br />
<br />
Ono, Mato and Poeia are they now waiting for something to happen.
<br />
<br />
And a bang,
<br />
-Baaang!-
<br />
then a clang,
<br />
-Claaang!-
<br />
and a howl,
<br />
-Hooowl!- 
<br />
<br />
It was Poeia!
<br />
Then, scratches to Mato
<br />
-scratch, scratch-
<br />
Mato stops it
<br />
-rip, rip- 
<br />
<br />
And… break!
<br />
<br />
Poeia dashes whatever she finds around her:
<br />
flowers,
<br />
rocks,
<br />
Ono.
<br />
<br />
<br />
Space!
<br />
<br />
<br />
Ono clucks as dashed towards Mato.
<br />
But he impacts the wall instead, and CRACK!
<br />
The wall is falling down now. 
<br />
<br />
-sigh- 
-sigh-
-sigh- 
<br />
<br />
Ignoring the situation, Mato jumps on Poeia.
<br />
-Whoop!-
<br />
Poeia attacks Mato.
<br />
-Squirt!-
<br />
Mato bites Poeia and, 
<br />
-Crunch!- 
<br />
Poeia: -Hoooonk!-
<br />
Mato: -Roooooar!-
<br />
<br />
With wizardry Poeia pecks Mato and escapes. 
<br />
She is safe now.
<br />
<br />
-Riiing, Riiing- 
<br />
<br />
It’s a phone. 
<br />
It’s Ono.
<br />
It’s 3am. 
<br />
<br />
Ono left and went far away.
<br />
He is looking for other yawns somewhere else now,
<br />
because he had enough of bangs and clangs there.
<br />
He learned how to slam now.
<br />
<br />
Poeia and Mato keep squeaking to each other,
<br />
in an eternal chase, in this vast space.
<br />
<br />
<br />
Space.
<br />
<br />
<br />
And a door slams. 
<br />
<br />
-Slam!- 
<br />
<br />
What a slam!
<br />
<br />
-The Slam-
